ENH: Early exit for train_loss_score and valid_loss_score already in history (#381)
dnouri/skorch: CHANGES.md

- [Advanced usage notebook][1810261633] now runs on Google Colab
- [MNIST with scikit-learn and skorch][1811011230] now runs on Google Colab
- Better user-facing messages when module or optimizer are re-initialized

> - Early exits `BatchScoring` when using `train_loss_score` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Reduce overhead of `BatchScoring` when using `train_loss_score` or `valid_loss_score` by skipping superfluous inference step (#381)
```

>   `valid_loss_score`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
